== Welcome to Dealbook

The Brazil Startup Dealboook project started in 2011, when Diego Gomes (co-founder of Everwrite) created a public Google Spreadsheet where anybody could insert information about startup deals in Brazil. Since then, hundreds of investors, entrepreneurs and journalists across the globe have used the database to monitor deal flow or to quickly access historic data on deals.

I have been a contributor for Dealbook since inception and recently I felt our community had outgrown the original spreadsheet format. Therefore, as a personal project, I decided to build Dealbook 2.0 as an online application, where we could add enhanced features beyond the limits of a spreadsheet, but hopefully retaining its simplicity.

So, here it is! I hope you enjoy it. And remember: this is an open project by and for the community, built 100% by the voluntary work of its members and with no commercial purpose. If you would like to contribute, read below about the different ways you can help.

-- Luciano


== Getting Started

1. For quick access to data on companies, investors or deals: simply use the search box or use the menu to browse through all the records. You don't need to be registered or logged in.

2. If you wish to insert or edit information, you need to create an account. Once you are logged in, you will be able insert new records or edit the existing information directly through the application.

3. Registered users also have access to the "Recent Updates" feed, which is a great way to monitor all the recent changes users have made. We encourage you to create an account, even if you don't wish to contribute.


